Add notes to clarify `EventId` bits (#24778)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/extensions/custom-logging-provider.md

> The logger is instantiated with the `name` and a `Func<ColorConsoleLoggerConfiguration>` which will return the current config &mdash; this handles updates to the config values as monitored through the <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Options.IOptionsMonitor%601.OnChange%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> callback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The logger is instantiated with the `name` and a `Func<ColorConsoleLoggerConfiguration>`, which returns the current config &mdash; this handles updates to the config values as monitored through the <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Options.IOptionsMonitor%601.OnChange%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> callback.
```

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > The <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.ILogger.Log%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> implementation checks if the `config.EventId` value is set, when it's not or when it matches the exact `logEntry.EventId` it logs in color.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.ILogger.Log%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> implementation checks if the `config.EventId` value is set. When `config.EventId` is not set or when it matches the exact `logEntry.EventId`, the logger logs in color.
```
